scripts: merge new setup.sh version for 10.2.0 again (#2189)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/setup.sh.md

chmod a+x ./setup.sh
```

!!! warning "`setup.sh` for Docker Mailserver version `v10.1.x` and below"

>     If you're using Docker Mailserver version `v10.1.x` or below, you will need to get `setup.sh` with a specific version. Substitute `<VERSION>` with the mail server version you're using: `wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/<VERSION>/setup.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using Docker Mailserver version `v10.1.x` or below, you will need to get `setup.sh` with a specific version. Substitute `<VERSION>` with the [release tag version](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/tags) that you're using:
    
    `wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/<VERSION>/setup.sh`.
```
